title: "It'Scot Style:  Philip Gorrivan"
name: Scottish Chair by Philip Gorrivan
date: 2013-04-03
category: [blog]
tags: [Living Room, Seating, Upholstry]
img: /img/scottish-chair-philip-gorrivan.jpg
img_alt: Traditional arm chair featuring Scottish textile patterns.
width: col1
---
So much of what makes Scotland so charming is that it's timeless. The countryside is as lush and green as it was thousands of years ago, the same traditions are still as much a part of the culture as they were in generations past, and ordering a Rob Roy in the local pub is not old-fashioned but in Classic good taste. Experiencing Scotland today is to know it as it's always been. When designing a space or piece of furniture, the "timeless" quality is priceless. It takes a brilliant mind to accomplish a look that will become *more distinguished with time* and not out-dated.

Philip Gorrivan is such a designer. Always designing thoughtful spaces with depth of character using historical nods and refined techniques&mdash;as seen in his chair, affectionately nicknamed the "Rob Roy". Not only did Philip design the chair, but he designed the fabric! Inspired by the timeless quality that is sacred to Scotland, Philip's chair pays tribute to traditional Scottish design while *using scale and color to look forward*.

The next time you order a whiskey&mdash;or as the Scots call it&hellip;water&mdash;remember how amazing something has to be to be timeless. We are looking forward to more furniture design from Philip Gorrivan!