title: "It'Scot Style:  Tobi Fairley"
name: Scottish Chair
date: 2013-04-01
category: [blog]
tags: [Living Room, Seating, Upholstry]
img: /img/scottish-chair.jpg
img_alt: Traditional arm chair featuring Scottish textile patterns.
width: col1
---
I recently attended an event featuring Scottish textile design (yeah I know...pretty random). I wasn't sure what to expect but I knew some of my favorite designers were involved so it had to be great! *Traditional Home recruited a dream team* of respected designers to journey through Scotland to experience the obscure but distinguished fabrics that are unique to this part of the world. Designers Tobi Fairley, Anne Maxwell Foster, Philip Gorrivan, Patrick Lönn, and Gideon Mendelson each designed a chair inspired by their experience in Scotland and the textiles found there. You can look forward to a week of posts on this fascinating excursion with a feature on each designer and their one of a kind chair.

I can't think of a better way to kick off this week of Scottish chair design than with *a Southern belle's take* on the Traditional style. You may know designer, Tobi Fairley from her fabulous lifestyle [blog](http://tobifairley.com/blog/) or other media contributions - this Arkansas native is gushed over often, here at Designicity! As you can see from her custom chair &mdash; Tobi knows how to make Traditional fresh and fab!

Inspired by the stately silhouette of the wing back chair, Tobi re-creates the classic British chair by using a whimsical pattern in a flirtatious color. She explains that "*creating a contrast* between the inner and outer chair surfaces (one of her go-to techniques)...gives higher impact and makes the chair look deeper and more inviting." 

Tobi's signature "New Traditional" stye infused with the dignified aesthetic of Scotland is married seamlessly in this arm chair:  tailored, classic, fresh.  

Design your own signature chair for your clients or yourself - shoot us an email and we'll connect you to this custom resource!