title: "It'Scot Style:  Tilton Fenwick"
name: Scottish Chair by Tilton Fenwick
date: 2013-04-02
category: [blog]
tags: [Living Room, Seating, Upholstry]
img: /img/scottish-chair-tilton-fenwick.jpg
img_alt: Traditional arm chair featuring Scottish textile patterns.
width: col1
---
What comes to mind when you think of Scotland? Brawny, hairy men in kilts? Haggis? A chic Chanel suit? No? You will now thanks to the fabulous design duo of Tilton Fenwick: Anne Maxwell Foster and Suysel dePedro Cunningham. Inspired by a black and white fabric found while touring Scotland with Traditional Home and the other handpicked designers&mdash;this little *style icon of a chair* was conceived.

It may come as a surprise to many that Scottish fabrics are used by many couture fashion houses including Burberry, Louis Vuitton, and Herm&egrave;s. So, you can see how these luxurious fabrics would inspire this couture chair. As is true in all their design work (seen [here](http://tiltonfenwick.com/blog/))&mdash;Anne and Suysel bring a tailored sensibility to the design of this chair but with a charming flare. Isn't it interesting how a Chanel suit is the *definition of chic* but it's never buttoned up too high?

Not only is the fabric reminiscent of the revered French designer but Anne and Suysel truly capture the essence of Chanel in the look and feel of this chair&mdash;and all while using the luxe fabrics found in Scotland. *Refined but with a playful "wink"*.

Email us for info so you can design your own couture chair!